Create bloc_presentation_test package (#18)
leancodepl/bloc_presentation: packages/bloc_presentation/README.md

# bloc_presentation

[![pub.dev badge][pub-badge]][pub-badge-link]
[![Build status][build-badge]][build-badge-link]

> Extends blocs with an additional stream which can serve as a way of indicating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extends blocs with an additional stream serving as a way of indicating
```

## Installation

```sh
flutter pub add bloc_presentation
```

## Usage

First, create an event which will be emitted:

```dart
class FailedToUpvote implements BlocPresentationEvent {
  const FailedToUpvote(this.reason);

  final String reason;
}
```

Next, extend your Bloc/Cubit with the presentation mixin which will give you
access to the `emitPresentation` method:

```dart
class CommentCubit extends Cubit<CommentState> with BlocPresentationMixin {
  // body
}
```

Now in your methods instead of emitting new state, you can emit a single-time
presentation event without overwriting your Bloc/Cubit state:

```dart
void upvote() {
	// upvoting logic

	if (!success) {
		// we can emit it and forget about cleaning it from the state
		emitPresentation(const FailedToUpvote('bad connection'));
	} else {
		emit(/* new state */);
	}
}
```

In this case above, we do not want to lose our Bloc/Cubit state after a
non-fatal failure. Instead, we want to communicate this failure and not emit any
new states. Then, in the UI code one can react to such events using
`BlocPresentationListener` or `useBlocPresentationListener`:

```dart
BlocPresentationListener<CommentCubit>(

> 	listener: (context, event) {

Reviewer: Please use Flutter's formatting style: 2 spaces instead of a tab for indent

		if (event is FailedToUpvote) {
			ScaffoldMessenger.of(context)
				..hideCurrentSnackBar()
				..showSnackBar(SnackBar(content: Text(event.reason)));
		}
	},
	child: MyWidget(),
)
```

By default, `CommentCubit` will be looked up using `package:provider` in the
widget tree. However, a bloc can be provided directly using the
`BlocPresentationListener.bloc` parameter (analogous to how `package:bloc`
listeners work).

### Example

> [Here it is](../../example/lib).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Here it is.](../../example/lib)
```

> [Here it is.](example/lib).

Reviewer: Doubled dot

### Example

> [Here it is.](../../example/lib).

Reviewer 2: two dots?

Author: Updated to correct path.
